TASK DESCRIPTION:

As an assistant specializing in breast cancer pathology, your role is to extract structured information from a provided breast cancer pathology report. Below, you will find guidelines on how to process the pathology report and return the requested information in a structured format.


INPUTS:

You are given a breast cancer pathology report presented under the heading "BREAST CANCER PATHOLOGY REPORT" and enclosed within triple quotes. These reports were digitized using optical character recognition so, expect typographical and sentence alignment errors typical in such documents.

Alongside the report, you will be given the following information under the heading "QUERY":
1. JSON keys: A list of requested keys for which information needs to be extracted from the pathology report.
2. JSON Schema: The JSON Schema of the expected JSON output. It contains information of the data types, possible values, and descriptions of each requested key. For categorical variables, this includes descriptions of each possible category.


TASK:

Based on the provided pathology report and the JSON Schema, return a JSON object containing only the requested keys, with values accurately reflecting the report's contents. Ensure that you return all the requested keys in your JSON object.


PROCESS:

To accomplish this task, follow the steps outlined below:

1. Extract Relevant Information:
    - Create a section titled "RELEVANT INFORMATION:". Create a subheading for each requested key. Within the subheading for each key, list the following:
	    - Snippets from the pathology report: Within the subheading for each requested key, identify and extract all relevant snippets from the pathology report that may aid in determining the likely correct value for that key. Note: Do not add any new information or notes of your own. If no relevant information is available in the pathology report, just write: "No relevant information.".
        - JSON Schema constraints: After listing the snippets from the pathology report, list the description and all constraints specified in the JSON Schema for this variable.

2. Return the result JSON:
	- Using the relevant information you have extracted and addressing all the constraints specified by each variable's JSON Schema, construct a JSON object with the most likely correct values assigned to each requested key.
	- Title this section as "RESULT:" and present the JSON object, enclosed in triple backticks, as shown:
```json
{
	"key1": "value1",
	"key2": "value2",
	...
}
```